    Dear teachers and students,good morning .My name is Yang Ya Ting，from class three senior one.Today my topic is：The minute you think of giving up，think of the reason why you have held so long.

    老师们、同学们，早上好！我是郑子聪，来自高一三班，今天由我来进行翻译。我是高一3班的杨雅婷。今天我要演讲的主题是：当你想要放弃的时候，想想是什么支撑着你坚持下去。

    So first，I want to ask you guys a stale but meaningful question：what is your dream？The answers are definitely various from person to person.For me，I want to be a diplomatist since I was small，which has reminded me of the significance of English all the time since I was twelve years old.Only then did I realize that what my dream is and what I should struggle for though the path to finding myself can be fairly tough in such a competitive society and the time of changes.From my point of view whatever stands in your way，what you will be like in the future depends on what you are like now and how you define yourself.The majority of people go through life trying to do their best at everything they do.For instance：your family，school，friends and something like that.But gradually we’ll find that we aren’t getting much better at what we care most about while playing as different roles.And we weren’t improving much at those things even though we were putting a great deal of time and effort.

    首先，我想问大家一个十分老套却又很有意义的问题：你的梦想是什么.答案是因人而异的，对我来说，我从小便想做一位外交官，而这个目标便从我12岁开始就无时无刻不在提醒着我英语对我的意义，但也是从那时候开始，我才明白我的梦想是什么以及我要努力和奋斗的方向，虽然在这个竞争激烈且万物瞬息万变的时代，寻找自我会是一条异常艰难的道路。但在我看来，这条路上真正可能挡住你去路的，取决于现在的你和你对自我的定义，你是否想仅仅局限于一个小格局，还是愿意为了一个不确定的未来而努力。大多数人的一生中都会尽力想把自己能做的事情做到最好，比如对待你的家庭、学校、朋友，但渐渐的我们会发现当我们在社会上扮演不同的角色，切换不同身份时，我们并没有在那些我们最关注的事上做到更好，并且对于那些花了很多精力和时间的事，我们也没有充分表现。

    I think the most impressive thing during my childhood is when I was in the primary school.I focused on improving my test-taking ability,accumulated rich vocabulary as well as grammatical knowledge and l laid well fundamental skill .However I gradually realise how poor my English is.I even don't know how to start a conversation with a forigner easily.It seems as if we know a lot about English ，but we can't turn it to use.

    在我小学让我最记忆犹新的一件事便是，当时的我只专注于提高我的应试能力，积累丰富的词汇和语法知识，打好良好的基础。但是我却逐渐发现，我甚至很难轻松地和一个外国人进行对话，看起来我好像很懂英语，但是其实它并不属于我，我并不懂得如何去使用。

    We specialise in how to face exam-oriented education，but omitting the real function or purpose of English study in the meanwhile.So I am determined to change my attitude towards English.I took advantage of the oppotunity to take part in the competitions held several weeks ago.I  not only was the host of the peforming competition based on New concept English but also was the leading character in the English play in order to try different roles and challenge different areas.To be honest，although these activities took up plenty of my spare time，I think it's truly worthwhile.The participation gave me an entirely different experience，which supports me a lot to apply English more thoroughly and daringly.

    现在的我们越来越擅长面对应试教育中出现的英语学科，而在同时我们也忽视了英语真正的功能和用途以及学习英语的目的。所以我决定改变我对英语的态度，趁着几周前外语节的机会，我参加了一些比赛，并在其中也担任了主持人和演员。说实话，这些活动占据了我大量的课余时间，但对我来说十分值得。这些参与和经历带给我了完全不同的体验同时也让我更为自然和大胆的去应用英语。

    As far as I'm concerned，success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusicism.You must have faith in who you are.In the process of learning English,I also had confusion and loss,but the first step of learning is always confusion,because you have moved from the known to the unknown.It’s at this time,you have to believe yourself,be confident and optimistic.Nobody can go back and start a new beginning,but anyone can start today and make a new ending.

    我认为成功就是在经历一次次的失败后始终没有放弃心中的热忱，保持着一颗初心。虽然有些时候付出了没得到相应的回报，但不付出就一定没有回报。要相信自己，即使在学习英语的过程会有不解和失落，但学习的第一步往往便是疑惑，因为你需要从已知的认知里向未知进发，这是一个融合和进步的过程，往往这个时候，你更需要坚定自己的选择，以勇敢乐观的心态去面对。没有人可以回到从前改变最初的自己，但是任何人都有能力去改变今天，从而书写一个新的结尾。

    Thank you for listening.

    谢谢大家！

初审/龙飞鹏
审核/江燕飞
审核发布/严钦熙